So how this will work is we're going to first create a variable called Context,
and it's going to be the result of invoking React.createContext.
And again, this is a brand new API.
So you might have not seen it before.
So now we have this Context object,
and it's going to have two different properties on it.
It's going to have a provider property as well as a consumer property.
So let's head to our main app and what we're going to
do is let's wrap our Parent component here,
inside of the Context.Provider.
And then, we're going to pass our provider component a prop,
a value, and we'll give it a name.
So what we've done here is we've wrapped
our Parent element here inside of Context.Provider,
passing it a value of name.
And then now whenever we want to get access to this name variable,
whether that's in our Parent component are Child component,
or our Grandchild component,
all we have to do is wrap our specific UI or our JSX inside of Context.Consumer,
this uses a render prop.
So what Context.Consumer is going to do is
it's going to invoke this function that we're passing it as a Child,
and pass it these specific value.
So what that means is we are going to receive the name,
and then now, we can just render this as normal.
So you'll notice what's going on here is without having to pass our name to Parent,
which then passes it to Child,
which then passes it to Grandchild because we use React Context anywhere,
where we want to use,
or we want to get access to this specific name variable,
we just use Context.Consumer,
passing it this function.
So again, the two steps you need to take,
our first, render Contexts.Provider,
passing it a value of whatever value you want to grab later on in the Child components,
and then whenever you want to grab that value in this case, our name,
all we do is we say Context.Consumer,
pass it a function,
and what React is going to do is it's going to invoke that function
giving it whatever the value was in this case it was our name,
and then we can go ahead and render some UI with that name.
So now that we've seen how context works,
what we're going to do is we're going to use it in
our abstraction that we're creating over React and Redux in order
to get our redux store as well as any data that the components need down to
those components without having to pass our store all the way down the component tree.